#                      <center>Timeline<center>
Task|Assignment|Time
-|:-:|:-:
Front-end stylesheet design|Zhelin Liang|5.6- 5.19
Data analysis/statistics and visualization.|Xinzhi  Huo|5.6- 5.19
Machine Learning-Data:<br>| Li Ma with <br>Xinzhi Huo| 5.6-6.10
Machine Learning-Model<br>|Yuxuan He with <br>Zhelin Liang|5.6-6.10
  
## which also means
Task|Assignment|Risk|Time
-|:-:|-|:-:
Statistics & Analysis<br>(1) Study the corresponding knowledge, finish the total timeline and job division of the project(5.1-5.10)(Done)<br>(2) Finish the primary analysis goal and send the data to front end.(5.12-5.20)(Done) <br>(3)Do the correlation analysis and set the predicton goal.(5.20-5.30) <br>(4) Finish the structure that send data from back end to front end.(5.30-6.10)<br>|Xinzhi Huo|(1)The code logic for the correlation analysis is a little complex. <br> (2)No experience for the building of the communication between front end and back end.<br>|5.1-6.10
Regression<br>(1) Select several models to calculate and compare their performance.<br>(2) Regression Training: this is a regression problem and probably we'll use random forest and try Xgboost. We'll choose number of trees (n_estimators) in our forest and max_depth for each tree by calculating scores for each combination and choosing the best one. Scoring metric we'll use is RMSE.<br>(3) Clustering(K-mean):We try and see if we can cluster our customers (User_IDs) based on products they have purchased and other features.We change our features a little bit to be more suitable for clustering. Firstly, we are going to cluster users and not the transactions so we should group our transactions by User_ID and create our features based on that. Then, choose number of clusters (K). We will use elbow method to choose one and plot different distance sums for different number of clusters.| Li ma |Perhaps we will also remove Product_Category_2 and _3 since they have a high rate of null values. Other categorical features have a few number of unique values so we will encode them using One-HotEncode and Product_ID and User_ID which we will encode using LabelEncoder. Then, split our train and test data and will standardize the data using StandardScaler|5.14-5.16:data process<br> 5.17-5.19:define model<br> 5.20-5.22:feature selection<br> 5.23-5.31:train and save model
Classification analysis<br>(1)Use KNN (K Nearest Neighbors) algorithm, SVM (Support Vector Machines), and Decision Trees to classify data into different types.<br>(2) Classification is performed by measuring the distance between different eigenvalues. If a sample has a majority of the k nearest neighbors in the feature space belonging to a certain category, the sample also belongs to this category<br>(3)We would like to use decision tree algotithm to breaks down the data set into smaller and smaller subsets and gradually develops the relevant decision trees.<br>|Yuxuan He|（1）The specific implementation of different classification algorithms is a bit complicated.<br>(2)
Try to use DecisionTreeClassifier、RandomForestClassifier、KNeighborsClassifier.<3>To think about what kind of classification is more useful and meaningful.|5.19- 5.30
Visualization<br>(1) Front-end stylesheet design 5.10-5.20 (Done)<br>* Using LTE template & bootstrap Library to design user-interface. (Done)<br>* Using Echarts Library to design the chart. (Done)<br>* Dynamically modify the display language based on the browser language. (Done)<br> (2) Use Bar-chart & Donut-chart to visualize some interesting data in the analyze module 5.20-5.28<br>(3) Show the prediction result by reading combination data that users input 5.29-6.10 |Zhelin Liang|(1) Do not know how to present the results of data analysis.<br> (2) Do not know the specific content of data analysis|5.10-6.10

